# Collaboration Discussion
Because of the specific periods of time I had to work on the assignment I didn't collaborate much in real time. I did however read through the class slack where I looked at the images people shared of their WIP plots so that I could better understand what I was supposed to plot on my graph. I also read through the thread started by Emily Linebarger on the question of "What we're actually supposed to show?" to better understand what the assignment is asking for.

From this assignment I confirmed what I had already read, which is that  basic analyses show that mask mandates have little or no effect in the United States. From my reading of popular sources, this is because with essentially no enforcement compared to other countries, Americans decide to wear a mask based on their perception of the risk, not the government's decision.

I also learned that it is very easy to be too vague in describing what you want in a visualization, especially when your source data represents a cumulative value. The assignment stated "For your county, you should create a time series showing the changes in the derivative function of the rate of infection" which I originally read as "plot the second derivative of the daily confirmed cases" which would have been the third derivative of the data provided. I plotted the daily confirmed cases because I find it more intuitive for people to look at graphs and estimate the derivative by looking at how the line changes than it is to plot the actual derivative. This is because the derivative plot ends up looking cyclical as wherever there is a peak in cases, the derivative graph has values both above and below the 0 line on the y-axis. This is something where reading other students' questions was very helpful in my understanding of the assignment.